bit coin, Lehman Brothers 2008, ledger manipulation, trust on centralized banking system,

Bit coin also tried to create a decentralised n/w of financial institutions.

World is flat -- book,

Intermedediaries that never contribute in values but levies charges being internediaries. Bit coin block chain is intended to remove the intermediaries that do not contribute in creating value.

change in contract is slower than in transaction / ledger.

Fraudulant entity can not survive if they try to put fraud data first time into the block chain, they will be fished out of the n/w in due course of time by other parties as
fraudilant entity does have control to make fraud itself however they do not have complete
control over all their participants, with which they have engaged into fraudulant transactions,
to restrict them in participating onto the block chain. 

Once all the parties take part the fraudulant entity will be eventually idetified and thrown out of block chain as because nobody can tamper the block chain.

Solution - shared, replicated, permissioned ledger that incorporates Consensus, provenance, immutability, finality among all the decentralized parties.

Hyper ledger needs Linux as bare minimum.

practical bizantine fault tolerant algorithm is applicable for consensus of parties and cover for faulty member.

Not very good for real time.

Optimize the data volume for ledger by storing reference and not the whole set of data.

q) Can participant have disparate number of ledger ? any specific use case ?

Order of transaction is very important to make right for achieving data consistency. This is ensured through consensus.





Consensus happens at fabric level and looks into timing and entry of transaction submission and sequence them.

PBFT - practical bizantine fault tolerant algorithm.

Smart contract -- is similar to stored procedure. IBM term chain code.

Deep Industry business knowledge is required for working on Block Chain. (Start up prime chain)

Retail banking - Cross border remittence, mortgage verification & Contrct.

Ideal block chain use case where trust is not there without block chain.

HyperLedger fabric - IBM can build wrapper around that.

Smart Contract would be written by developer and events will be emitted for whichever application would need to be subscribed.



Fabric events need not be written by developers , it is out of the box from Block Chain. It can generate events.

http://gobyexample.com


1) install git

2) Create account @ github.com (non- IBM)

3)Install Vagrant (hardware virtualization)

A Language platform

Go Lang, Node.js

B Virtualization

Docker

Vagrant

C Version Control 

Git.

